docs: mark untested build env as not recommended (#293)
cmu-db/bustub: README.md

## Build

> You're recommended to develop bustub on Ubuntu 20.04, Ubuntu 22.04, and macOS (M1/M2/Intel).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend developing BusTub on Ubuntu 20.04, Ubuntu 22.04, or macOS (M1/M2/Intel). We do not support any other environments (i.e., do not open issues or come to office hours to debug them). We do not support WSL.
```
